SQLite3 Connection getIndexData() (#6221)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.3.0.rst

- Added ``Model::allowEmptyInserts()`` method to insert empty data. See :ref:`Using CodeIgniter's Model <model-allow-empty-inserts>`
- Added ``$routes->useSupportedLocalesOnly(true)`` so that the Router returns 404 Not Found if the locale in the URL is not supported in ``Config\App::$supportedLocales``. See :ref:`Localization <localization-in-routes>`
- The call handler for Spark commands from the ``CodeIgniter\CodeIgniter`` class has been extracted. This will reduce the cost of console calls.

> - Added a psuedo index named 'PRIMARY' for SQLite `AUTOINCREMENT` column. SQLite treats these in a special way which was excluding them from being retrieved by calling ``BaseConnection::getIndexData()``.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
- SQLite ``BaseConnection::getIndexData()`` now can return pseudo index named ``PRIMARY`` for `AUTOINCREMENT` column, and each returned index data has ``type`` property.
```
